README.md, before:

# putler-doser

A program to target the 50 biggest russian propoganda websites:
- https://lenta.ru/
- https://ria.ru/
- https://ria.ru/lenta/
- https://www.rbc.ru/
- https://www.rt.com/
- http://kremlin.ru/
- http://en.kremlin.ru/
- https://smotrim.ru/
- https://tass.ru/
- https://tvzvezda.ru/
- https://vsoloviev.ru/
- https://www.1tv.ru/
- https://www.vesti.ru/
- https://online.sberbank.ru/
- https://sberbank.ru/
- https://zakupki.gov.ru/
- https://www.gosuslugi.ru/
- https://er.ru/
- https://www.rzd.ru/
- https://rzdlog.ru/
- https://vgtrk.ru/
- https://www.interfax.ru/
- https://www.mos.ru/uslugi/
- http://government.ru/
- https://mil.ru/
- https://www.nalog.gov.ru/
- https://customs.gov.ru/
- https://pfr.gov.ru/
- https://rkn.gov.ru/
- https://www.gazprombank.ru/
- https://www.vtb.ru/
- https://www.gazprom.ru/
- https://lukoil.ru/
- https://magnit.ru/
- https://www.nornickel.com/
- https://www.surgutneftegas.ru/
- https://www.tatneft.ru/
- https://www.evraz.com/ru/
- https://nlmk.com/
- https://www.sibur.ru/
- https://www.severstal.com/
- https://www.metalloinvest.com/
- https://nangs.org/
- https://rmk-group.ru/ru/
- https://www.tmk-group.ru/
- https://ya.ru/
- https://www.polymetalinternational.com/ru/
- https://www.uralkali.com/ru/
- https://www.eurosib.ru/
- https://ugmk.ua/
- https://omk.ru/

Only works on Windows

Commit message:

add disclaimer and fix structuring

README.md, after:

# putler-doser

A program to target the 50 biggest russian propoganda websites:
- https://lenta.ru/
- https://ria.ru/
- https://ria.ru/lenta/
- https://www.rbc.ru/
- https://www.rt.com/
- http://kremlin.ru/
- http://en.kremlin.ru/
- https://smotrim.ru/
- https://tass.ru/
- https://tvzvezda.ru/
- https://vsoloviev.ru/
- https://www.1tv.ru/
- https://www.vesti.ru/
- https://online.sberbank.ru/
- https://sberbank.ru/
- https://zakupki.gov.ru/
- https://www.gosuslugi.ru/
- https://er.ru/
- https://www.rzd.ru/
- https://rzdlog.ru/
- https://vgtrk.ru/
- https://www.interfax.ru/
- https://www.mos.ru/uslugi/
- http://government.ru/
- https://mil.ru/
- https://www.nalog.gov.ru/
- https://customs.gov.ru/
- https://pfr.gov.ru/
- https://rkn.gov.ru/
- https://www.gazprombank.ru/
- https://www.vtb.ru/
- https://www.gazprom.ru/
- https://lukoil.ru/
- https://magnit.ru/
- https://www.nornickel.com/
- https://www.surgutneftegas.ru/
- https://www.tatneft.ru/
- https://www.evraz.com/ru/
- https://nlmk.com/
- https://www.sibur.ru/
- https://www.severstal.com/
- https://www.metalloinvest.com/
- https://nangs.org/
- https://rmk-group.ru/ru/
- https://www.tmk-group.ru/
- https://ya.ru/
- https://www.polymetalinternational.com/ru/
- https://www.uralkali.com/ru/
- https://www.eurosib.ru/
- https://ugmk.ua/
- https://omk.ru/

## Disclaimer
- Use this program at your own risk and responsibility.

## Compatibility
- The program is made for Windows only
